Презентация по глоализации
========================

1. Вступление

    Hello. Today i want to talk to you about pros and cons of globaliation

2. Что такое глобализация

    It is a process of tight integration of econimics, culture, politics and tech of several countries. It leads to occuring of barrier free trade routes, homogenization of cultures, solving of problems at scale inonceivable for single country and others. Let's look at them in more details

3. Pros. Markets expansion

    And we begin with pros. First one is markets expansion. This is caused by cross border movement of goods, services, technologies an capital. Thus creating global markets, where traders must compete in quality and price to get byers attention.

4. Technologies

    Next one is spreading of knowledge and technologies. Near instant communication allows us to transmit data about development of new and revolutionary tech achievements and about funny cats images.

5. Politics

    Political globalization refers to the growth of the worldwide political system, both in size and complexity. International organizations are capable of solving global problems, such as global warming.

6. Culture

    Ability to share information and travel between countries leads to spreading of knowledge about different cultures and religions. Also it leads to rise of international education.

7. Cons. Unbalance

    And now to cons. Open compettion on global markets leads to dominance of transnational companies, which already have capitals and facilities to outproduce smaller buisnesses. That may lead to diminishing of competition and degradation in quality.
    At the same time this leads to optimization in production, which results in move of production lines to countries with cheap labor. Which raises unemployment in developed countries and exploits workers in deloping countries.

8. Culture

    While introduction of to other countries is great, this comes with downsides. People tend to enjoy on common basis simpler types of recreation which leads to expansion of mass-media culture. And this leads to decreased interest in more complex types of cultural interests, which fade and become forgotten.

9. Economics instability

    With such high levels of integration in economics of different countries, we can see a problem in case of a crisis. Occuring in one country it can trigger a chain reaction based on broken supply and demand routes.

10. Outro

    Globalization refers to the ongoing trend of increased interconnectivity of nations across the globe, as enabled by advancements in transportation and information technology, among others.
    Globalization is facilitated economically by free trade agreements, which permit barrier-free imports and exports across borders. While globalization brings many advantages—including lower prices and higher standards of living to some—it also has drawbacks, including wealth concentration and cultural homogeneity.